build-first-assistant/knowledge-base.mdx, before:

---
title: Knowledge Base
sidebarTitle: "Knowledge Base"
icon: "brain"
iconType: "solid"
---

After creating a Bot Stack (also known as an Assistant), you can customize it to use your own data by uploading URLs, documents, or text files to the Knowledge Base.

<Tip> Each piece of data you add to the Knowledge Base is called a Knowledge Source.</Tip>


### Here's how to add data to the Knowledge Base:

After creating the Bot Stack (Assistant), you'll be taken to the Assistant Designer. 


Navigate to the Knowledge Base menu and select "Add Data Source" at the top right corner. Then upload URLs, documents and text files as much as you need to make your assistant better.

<img 
height="500" 
src="/images/knowledge-base.png"
/>

Once you've added the data sources, your assistant will use this information to respond to question using Large Language Models (LLMs) like GPT and Claude.

<Note> There is a 50MB file limit per upload. </Note>


### Preview the Knowledge Base:

After adding your data sources, click on the "Preview" option at the top right corner.

This allows you to ask questions to the assistant and see its responses using the knowledge base.

<img 
height="500"  
src="/images/knowledge-base-preview.png"
/>

If you find that the assistant's responses are not meeting your expectations, you can improve them by adding more accurate data to the Knowledge Base and adjusting settings in the knowledge base preview.

Once you're satisfied with the results, you can proceed to the next chapter, which covers conversational flow.

Commit message:

✅ Updated old images for Build your first assistant guide

build-first-assistant/knowledge-base.mdx, after:

---
title: Knowledge Base
sidebarTitle: "Knowledge Base"
icon: "brain"
iconType: "solid"
---

After creating a Bot Stack (also known as an Assistant), you can customize it to use your own data by uploading URLs, documents, or text files to the Knowledge Base.

<Tip> Each piece of data you add to the Knowledge Base is called a Knowledge Source.</Tip>


### Here's how to add data to the Knowledge Base:

After creating the Bot Stack (Assistant), you'll be taken to the Assistant Designer. 


Navigate to the Knowledge Base menu from the `contents` page and click the `Add Data Source` button at the top right corner. Then upload URLs, documents and text files as much as you need to make your assistant better.

<img 
height="500" 
src="/images/build-first-assistant/knowledge-base.png"
/>

Once you've added the data sources, your assistant will use this information to respond to question using Large Language Models (LLMs) like GPT and Claude.

<Note> There is a 50MB file limit per upload. </Note>


### Preview the Knowledge Base:

After adding your data sources, click on the `Preview` option at the top right corner.

This allows you to ask questions to the assistant and see its responses using the knowledge base.

<img 
height="500"  
src="/images/build-first-assistant/knowledge-base-preview-button.png"
/>

<img 
height="500"  
src="/images/build-first-assistant/knowledge-base-preview.png"
/>

If you find that the assistant's responses are not meeting your expectations, you can improve them by adding more accurate data to the Knowledge Base and adjusting settings in the knowledge base page.

<img 
height="500"  
src="/images/build-first-assistant/knowledge-base-settings-button.png"
/>

<img 
height="500"  
src="/images/build-first-assistant/knowledge-base-settings.png"
/>

Once you're satisfied with the results, you can proceed to the next chapter, which covers conversational flow.
